I got the forum working your job is going
to look at the individual menu item,
I swapped out menu items writ large and
the new menu item form.
Your job is to create a container For
the individual menu item,
and then we're gonna pass it the ability
to remove a individual item from the menu.
Now one thing that I will kinda give
you a hint Because this is a little bit
trickier, than just taking props and
dispatching them.
One thing that I will say is not
only we kinda go back a little bit,
not only is dispatch passed in, but we
have this own props as a second argument.
Own props is going to be cool.
We have the State and
the dispatcher were mapping to props.
But in case other things were
passed into this component,
you have access to those as well.
So own props, I definitely console log and
see what it is for yourself.
But we can make a hypothesis
around what is going to be, right?
If you look at the menu items,
we're taking all the different
properties of the item including its ID.
So if you need to figure out how
to remove a given one from state,
You'll have that on the own props object.
So your job is to basically
we need an action.
We need the reducer logic,
we need to wrap the menu item and
then we need to pass in that property.
As the removed prop that is going
to then fire the action and
remove it from our store.
So why don't we spend 10 minutes and see
if we can wire up the ability to remove
a menu item from the menu, and
then we'll do it together as a team